How did viewing a diff between two versions of a file help you see the bug that was introduced?
1. view only wich lines changed. time saver.
2. dependency views. gives code quality analysis.

How could having easy access to the entire history of a file make you a more efficient programmer in the long term?
1. what types of errors are more common by me or team
2. helps in creating efficient design of program such that changes to some parts enable changes in other dependencies automaticxally.
3. reflects on how frequently i change code
4. tells me if i have a clear knowledge about the idea that iam coding for.

What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to create a commit, like you do in Git, vs having versions automatically saved, like Google Docs does?
pros:
1. clear logical changes based commit.
2. less clutter
cons:
1. might forget
2. may not be a good segregation all times.
3. team need to know, as to whats hapening, if the changes havent been committed for a long time.

Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow saving multiple files in one commit, while others, like Google Docs, treat each file separately?
1. updating dependency files automatically. 
2. shows up how many files get affected if they are dependent.
3. if there are any errors in other files due to changes in one file it can show up.

How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history of files?
1. git log gives all the commits that has been made in to the repository/clone
2. by selecting any two commit ids from the above step and using git diff newid1 oldid1 command produces changes that has been made. count +,-.

How might using version control make you more confident to make changes that could break something?
1. makes me try different logics without worrying about losing track of what all changes that i have made and impact it can have.
2. i would not need to save multiple copy pasted versions of entire code file for each such brazen move.
3. as each commit needs a message to be logged it enforces proper documentation

How Do You Want to Use Git?
1. for every project i do iam going to use github to become a better developer.
2. all the team oriented projects will be done using github.

